feat: add initial provider (#2)
Think-iT-Labs/terraform-provider-dirhash: README.md

# Dirhash

> Calculating the checksum of a directory made easy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Computing the checksum of a directory made easy.
```

## Dirhash Provider

> Dirhash was created to calculate checksum of a directory, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dirhash was created to compute the checksum of a directory, 
```

a useful provider if you try to make Terraform react and make changes 
based on whether changes have been made inside a directory or not.

> ### Usage

Reviewer: separate sections with more empty lines

As noted above, the Dirhash provider can calculate the checksum of a directory, 
the data_source `dirhash_sha256` can be used to retrieve the SHA256 of a directory.
For example:
```terraform

> provider "dirhash" {}

Reviewer: if we're publishing as "Think-iT-Labs/dirhash", 
shouldn't this be 
```terraform
provider "Think-iT-Labs/dirhash" {} 
```
 ?

Author: No, you don't have to specify the publisher there
